h1. djangoappengine_rbdms


This is a toolkit to run native django code and run in the Google AppEngine.
This project is inspired (forked) in the very google djangoappengine project. I based many code and modules
in that project.

h2. WARNINGS

It is working with some limitations, it is not tested and I'm NOT using it.
The remote command is not working at all.
DO NOT USE!!


h2. PREREQUISITES

# GAE Instance created
# Google SQL Cloud instance created
# GAE SDK 1.6 instaled and working

h2. INSTALATION:

This instalation does not include the django instalation, or GAE SDK instalation.
Basicaly setup a basic django project,

pre. django-admin.py starproject example

and copy or synlink the djangoappengine_rdbms to the root of your project. 
You should not install or put these files in the path beacuse they need to deployed to
appengine. You can also checkout the example project


h2. SETUP: 

add the following line to your settings

pre. from djangoappengine_rdbms.settings_base import *

and configure you database. 

pre. DATABASES = {
    'default': {
        'ENGINE': 'djangoappengine_rdbms.db.backend',
        'INSTANCE': 'djangosqlcloudmysql:example', 
        'NAME': 'example',                  # Or path to database file if using sqlite3.
        'USER': 'root',                         # Not used with sqlite3.
        'PASSWORD': 'root',
    }
}

h2. RUNNING:

Just run the default runserver django command

pre. ./manage.py runserver


h2. DEPLOY:

pre. ./manage.py deploy

As long as the remote command is not working I used the command line tool provide by Google to
setup up the DB.

h2. TODO:

# Make remote commands work - Google Cloud SQL does not use the stub services. Strategy: Access the directely the instance like the command line tool provided by Google
# Write better instalations intructions.
# Test, test, test

